# User documentation for Binary Learning

## Authentication

Binary Learning uses email password authentication. To make an account click
`register` and provide your information.

To login click the `log in` button and provide the credentials you provided when
registering.

To log out click the `log out` button.

## Page Summaries

### Login
Allows for existing users to log into the website using their email and password.   

1. Click on log in
2. Enter information provided when registering
3. Click sign in

### Register   
The Registration process allows users and teacher to sign up.

1. Click on register
2. Enter email and password
3. Select teacher or student
4. Enter user information
    * Teachers will create a course code for their students
    * Students will enter the course code provided by their teacher
5. Click submit   

### Dashboard
Based on the account type, a variant of the dashboard will appear.  

**Students** will have two main sections: Learning and Assignments.  
By expanding the Learning elements, a student can choose to go to  
a specific page of the corresponding Learn module. The Assignments  
section will provide information about an assignment (such as its  
title and due date) and allow a student to click on an assignment  
to work on it.  

**Instructors** will have two main sections: Ongoing and Completed.  
These refer to the status of assignments. Both sections will allow an  
instructor to expand an assignment to see a short summary of information  
about the assignment along with some statistics about them, such as  
average score. Expanding an assignment will also reveal a link to a more  
detailed statistics page.

### Learn   
This is where the user can initially learn about each of the core functions.  The 
user starts by selecting which learning module they want to complete and then they 
press the "BEGIN" button.  Then, the website shows a learning module for the user 
to read through before begining the practice module.   

### Practice   
This is where the user can practice each of the core functions.  Right now, they can 
can select any number of the 4 core functions and decide how many problems they would 
like to complete.  When the user clicks the "BEGIN" button, they will be taken to a
practice quiz based on the settings they selected.   

### Assessments   
Similar to the practice page detailed above, users can take pre-generated assessments
for a class.  These assessments will be generated by the instructor and completed by
the students for a grade.  Students are able to see the due date, point value, and
number of questions for each assignment, as well as whether or not they have taken
any given assignment already.   
   
### Statistics   
This page will show assignment statistics for the instructor.  This page is divided
into three sections:
* Overview
  * Graph showing the number of correct responses for each question
  * Overall statistics for the assignment including lowest, highest, average, and median scores.
* Most Missed Question
  * Contains info about the most missed question
  * Question information such as number of points, correct answer, etc.
  * Response-frequency graph
* All Questions
  * Contains the same info as the Most Missed Question section, but for all questions in the assignment.